---
page_title: "davinci_application Data Source - terraform-provider-davinci"
subcategory: "Application"
description: |-
  
---

# davinci_application (Data Source)



## Example Usage

```terraform
data "davinci_application" "by_app_id" {
  environment_id = var.environment_id
  application_id = var.application_id
}

output "davinci_app_one_key" {
  value = data.davinci_application.one.api_keys.prod
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `environment_id` (String) The ID of the PingOne environment to create the DaVinci application. Must be a valid PingOne resource ID.

### Optional

- `application_id` (String) The ID of the application to retrieve.
- `id` (String) The ID of the application.  Use of this parameter to fetch the application data is deprecated, use the `application_id` parameter instead.

### Read-Only

- `api_key_enabled` (Boolean) A boolean that specifies whether the API key is enabled for the application.
- `api_keys` (Map of String) A map of strings that represents the application's API Key.
- `created_date` (Number) Resource creation date as epoch.
- `customer_id` (String) An ID that represents the customer tenant.
- `metadata` (Map of String) Application Metadata.
- `name` (String) The application name.
- `oauth` (Set of Object) A single list item specifying OIDC/OAuth 2.0 configuration. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--oauth))
- `policy` (Set of Object) Flow Policy Configuration (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--policy))
- `saml` (Set of Object, Deprecated) **Deprecation notice**: SAML configuration is now deprecated in the service and will be removed in the next major release.  A single list item that specifies SAML configuration. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--saml))
- `user_pools` (Map of String) Application User Pools.
- `user_portal` (Set of Object, Deprecated) **Deprecation notice** This is now deprecated in the service and will be removed from the provider in the next major release.  A single object that describes user portal settings. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--user_portal))

<a id="nestedatt--oauth"></a>
### Nested Schema for `oauth`

Read-Only:

- `enabled` (Boolean)
- `values` (Set of Object) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedobjatt--oauth--values))

<a id="nestedobjatt--oauth--values"></a>
### Nested Schema for `oauth.values`

Read-Only:

- `allowed_grants` (Set of String)
- `allowed_scopes` (Set of String)
- `client_secret` (String)
- `enabled` (Boolean)
- `enforce_signed_request_openid` (Boolean)
- `logout_uris` (Set of String)
- `redirect_uris` (Set of String)
- `sp_jwks_openid` (String)
- `sp_jwks_url` (String)



<a id="nestedatt--policy"></a>
### Nested Schema for `policy`

Read-Only:

- `created_date` (Number)
- `name` (String)
- `policy_flow` (Set of Object) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedobjatt--policy--policy_flow))
- `policy_id` (String)
- `status` (String)

<a id="nestedobjatt--policy--policy_flow"></a>
### Nested Schema for `policy.policy_flow`

Read-Only:

- `flow_id` (String)
- `success_nodes` (List of String)
- `version_id` (Number)
- `weight` (Number)



<a id="nestedatt--saml"></a>
### Nested Schema for `saml`

Read-Only:

- `values` (Set of Object) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedobjatt--saml--values))

<a id="nestedobjatt--saml--values"></a>
### Nested Schema for `saml.values`

Read-Only:

- `audience` (String)
- `enabled` (Boolean)
- `enforce_signed_request` (Boolean)
- `redirect_uri` (String)
- `sp_cert` (String)



<a id="nestedatt--user_portal"></a>
### Nested Schema for `user_portal`

Read-Only:

- `add_auth_method_title` (String)
- `cred_page_subtitle` (String)
- `cred_page_title` (String)
- `flow_timeout_seconds` (Number)
- `name_auth_method_title` (String)
- `name_confirm_btn_text` (String)
- `remove_auth_method_title` (String)
- `remove_body_message` (String)
- `remove_cancel_btn_text` (String)
- `remove_confirm_btn_text` (String)
- `remove_message` (String)
- `show_logout_button` (Boolean)
- `show_mfa_button` (Boolean)
- `show_user_info` (Boolean)
- `show_variables` (Boolean)
- `up_title` (String)
- `update_body_message` (String)
- `update_message` (String)