---
page_title: "davinci_application Resource - terraform-provider-davinci"
subcategory: "Application"
description: |-
  
---

# davinci_application (Resource)



~> DaVinci Application Flow Policies are managed as individual resources. Review the migration guidance here: https://registry.terraform.io/providers/pingidentity/davinci/latest/docs/guides/migrate-application-flow-policy

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "davinci_application" "my_awesome_application" {
  environment_id = var.pingone_environment_id

  name = "My Awesome Application"

  oauth {
    values {
      allowed_grants                = ["authorizationCode"]
      allowed_scopes                = ["openid", "profile"]
      enabled                       = true
      enforce_signed_request_openid = false
      redirect_uris                 = ["https://auth.pingone.com/0000-0000-000/rp/callback/openid_connect"]
    }
  }
}

resource "davinci_application_flow_policy" "authentication_flow_policy" {
  environment_id = var.pingone_environment_id
  application_id = davinci_application.my_awesome_application.id

  name   = "PingOne - Authentication"
  status = "enabled"

  policy_flow {
    flow_id    = davinci_flow.authentication.id
    version_id = -1
    weight     = 100
  }
}

resource "davinci_application_flow_policy" "registration_flow_policy" {
  environment_id = var.pingone_environment_id
  application_id = davinci_application.my_awesome_application.id

  name   = "PingOne - Authentication"
  status = "enabled"

  policy_flow {
    flow_id    = davinci_flow.authentication.id
    version_id = -1
    weight     = 100
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `environment_id` (String) The ID of the PingOne environment to create the DaVinci application. Must be a valid PingOne resource ID. This field is immutable and will trigger a replace plan if changed.
- `name` (String) The application name

### Optional

- `api_key_enabled` (Boolean) A boolean that specifies whether the API key is enabled for the application. Defaults to `true`.
- `oauth` (Block List, Max: 1) A single list item specifying OIDC/OAuth 2.0 configuration (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--oauth))
- `policy` (Block Set, Deprecated) **Deprecation Notice** The `policy` block should be removed from application and managed as a `davinci_application_flow_policy` resource. Review the migration guidance here: https://registry.terraform.io/providers/pingidentity/davinci/latest/docs/guides/migrate-application-flow-policy. Flow Policy Configuration (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--policy))
- `saml` (Block List, Max: 1, Deprecated) **Deprecation notice**: SAML configuration is now deprecated in the service and will be removed in the next major release.  A single list item that specifies SAML configuration. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--saml))
- `user_portal` (Block List, Max: 1, Deprecated) **Deprecation notice** This is now deprecated in the service and will be removed from the provider in the next major release.  A single object that describes user portal settings. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--user_portal))

### Read-Only

- `api_keys` (Map of String) Appplication Api Key. Returned value for prod field is most commonly used.
- `created_date` (Number) Resource creation date as epoch.
- `customer_id` (String) An ID that represents the customer tenant.
- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `metadata` (Map of String) Appplication Metadata

<a id="nestedblock--oauth"></a>
### Nested Schema for `oauth`

Optional:

- `enabled` (Boolean) A boolean that specifies whether OIDC/OAuth 2.0 settings are enabled for the application. Defaults to `true`.
- `values` (Block List, Max: 1) A single list item specifying OIDC/OAuth 2.0 configuration values. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--oauth--values))

<a id="nestedblock--oauth--values"></a>
### Nested Schema for `oauth.values`

Optional:

- `allowed_grants` (Set of String) Allowed grants for the application. Available grants are: authorizationCode, clientCredentials, implicit.
- `allowed_scopes` (Set of String) Allowed scopes for the application. Available scopes are: openid, profile, flow_analytics.
- `enabled` (Boolean) Set to true if using oauth block Defaults to `true`.
- `enforce_signed_request_openid` (Boolean) Field: 'Enforce Receiving Signed Requests' in UI.
- `logout_uris` (Set of String) Logout URLs for the application
- `redirect_uris` (Set of String) Redirect URLs for the application
- `sp_jwks_openid` (String) Field: 'Service Provider (SP) JWKS Keys to Verify Authorization Request Signature' in UI.
- `sp_jwks_url` (String) Field: 'Service Provider (SP) JWKS URL' in UI.

Read-Only:

- `client_secret` (String, Sensitive) The client secret for the OIDC application.



<a id="nestedblock--policy"></a>
### Nested Schema for `policy`

Optional:

- `name` (String) Policy friendly name
- `policy_flow` (Block Set) Set of weighted flows that this application will use (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--policy--policy_flow))
- `status` (String) Policy status. Valid values are: enabled, disabled Defaults to `enabled`.

Read-Only:

- `created_date` (Number) Creation epoch of policy.
- `policy_id` (String) Generated identifier of a created policy.

<a id="nestedblock--policy--policy_flow"></a>
### Nested Schema for `policy.policy_flow`

Optional:

- `flow_id` (String) Identifier of the flow that this policy will use.
- `success_nodes` (List of String) List of node ids used by analytics for tracking user interaction.
- `version_id` (Number) Version of the flow that this policy will use. Use -1 for latest
- `weight` (Number) If multiple flows are specified, the weight determines the probability of the flow being used. This must add up to 100



<a id="nestedblock--saml"></a>
### Nested Schema for `saml`

Optional:

- `values` (Block List, Max: 1) SAML configuration (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--saml--values))

<a id="nestedblock--saml--values"></a>
### Nested Schema for `saml.values`

Optional:

- `audience` (String) Field: 'Audience' in UI. This is now deprecated in the service and will be removed from the provider in the next major release.
- `enabled` (Boolean) Set to true if using saml block. This is now deprecated in the service and will be removed from the provider in the next major release.
- `enforce_signed_request` (Boolean) Field: 'Enforce Receiving Signed Requests' in UI. This is now deprecated in the service and will be removed from the provider in the next major release.
- `redirect_uri` (String, Sensitive) The redirect URI for the SAML application. This is now deprecated in the service and will be removed from the provider in the next major release.
- `sp_cert` (String) This is now deprecated in the service and will be removed from the provider in the next major release.



<a id="nestedblock--user_portal"></a>
### Nested Schema for `user_portal`

Optional:

- `add_auth_method_title` (String, Deprecated) **Deprecation notice** This is now deprecated in the service and will be removed from the provider in the next major release.
- `cred_page_subtitle` (String, Deprecated) **Deprecation notice** This is now deprecated in the service and will be removed from the provider in the next major release.
- `cred_page_title` (String, Deprecated) **Deprecation notice** This is now deprecated in the service and will be removed from the provider in the next major release.
- `flow_timeout_seconds` (Number, Deprecated) **Deprecation notice** This is now deprecated in the service and will be removed from the provider in the next major release.
- `name_auth_method_title` (String, Deprecated) **Deprecation notice** This is now deprecated in the service and will be removed from the provider in the next major release.
- `name_confirm_btn_text` (String, Deprecated) **Deprecation notice** This is now deprecated in the service and will be removed from the provider in the next major release.
- `remove_auth_method_title` (String, Deprecated) **Deprecation notice** This is now deprecated in the service and will be removed from the provider in the next major release.
- `remove_body_message` (String, Deprecated) **Deprecation notice** This is now deprecated in the service and will be removed from the provider in the next major release.
- `remove_cancel_btn_text` (String, Deprecated) **Deprecation notice** This is now deprecated in the service and will be removed from the provider in the next major release.
- `remove_confirm_btn_text` (String, Deprecated) **Deprecation notice** This is now deprecated in the service and will be removed from the provider in the next major release.
- `remove_message` (String, Deprecated) **Deprecation notice** This is now deprecated in the service and will be removed from the provider in the next major release.
- `show_logout_button` (Boolean, Deprecated) **Deprecation notice** This is now deprecated in the service and will be removed from the provider in the next major release. Defaults to `false`.
- `show_mfa_button` (Boolean, Deprecated) **Deprecation notice** This is now deprecated in the service and will be removed from the provider in the next major release. Defaults to `false`.
- `show_user_info` (Boolean, Deprecated) **Deprecation notice** This is now deprecated in the service and will be removed from the provider in the next major release. Defaults to `false`.
- `show_variables` (Boolean, Deprecated) **Deprecation notice** This is now deprecated in the service and will be removed from the provider in the next major release. Defaults to `false`.
- `up_title` (String, Deprecated) **Deprecation notice** This is now deprecated in the service and will be removed from the provider in the next major release.
- `update_body_message` (String, Deprecated) **Deprecation notice** This is now deprecated in the service and will be removed from the provider in the next major release.
- `update_message` (String, Deprecated) **Deprecation notice** This is now deprecated in the service and will be removed from the provider in the next major release.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax, where attributes in `<>` brackets are replaced with the relevant ID.  For example, `<environment_id>` should be replaced with the ID of the environment to import from.

```shell
$ terraform import davinci_application.example <environment_id>/<davinci_application_id>
```