---
page_title: "davinci_connection Resource - terraform-provider-davinci"
subcategory: "Connection"
description: |-
  A resource to create and manage connections in DaVinci.
  A full connector reference, with Terraform examples, can be found in the DaVinci Connector Reference guide ../guides/connector-reference.
---

# davinci_connection (Resource)

A resource to create and manage connections in DaVinci.

A full connector reference, with Terraform examples, can be found in the [DaVinci Connector Reference guide](../guides/connector-reference).
!> **Provider Deprecation Notice** **The DaVinci Terraform provider is now deprecated as of April 2026.** The provider will continue to be maintained **until 30th April 2027** after which there will be no further updates.  Please migrate all DaVinci Terraform projects to use equivalent, fully supported resources and data sources in the [PingOne Terraform provider](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/pingidentity/pingone/latest/docs). Migration guidance can be found in the [Migrate from Legacy DaVinci Provider](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/pingidentity/davinci/latest/docs/guides/migrate-from-legacy-provider) guide. For more information, see [issue 601 on the project's GitHub repository](https://github.com/pingidentity/terraform-provider-davinci/issues/601).

!> **Resource Deprecation Notice** **This resource is now deprecated as of April 2026.** Use the [`pingone_davinci_connector_instance` resource in the PingOne Terraform provider](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/pingidentity/pingone/latest/docs/resources/davinci_connector_instance) instead. Migration guidance can be found in the [Migrate from Legacy DaVinci Provider](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/pingidentity/davinci/latest/docs/guides/migrate-from-legacy-provider) guide.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "davinci_connection" "my_awesome_annotation_connection" {
  environment_id = var.pingone_environment_id

  name         = "myAnnotationConnector"
  connector_id = "annotationConnector"
}

resource "davinci_connection" "my_awesome_crowdstrike_connection" {
  environment_id = var.pingone_environment_id

  connector_id = "crowdStrikeConnector"
  name         = "CrowdStrike"

  property {
    name  = "clientId"
    value = var.crowdstrike_client_id
  }

  property {
    name  = "clientSecret"
    value = var.crowdstrike_client_secret
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `connector_id` (String) The DaVinci connector type identifier. See the [DaVinci Connection Definitions](#davinci-connection-definitions) below to find the appropriate connector ID value. This field is immutable and will trigger a replace plan if changed.
- `environment_id` (String) The ID of the PingOne environment to create the DaVinci connection. Must be a valid PingOne resource ID. This field is immutable and will trigger a replace plan if changed.
- `name` (String) Name of the connection displayed in UI. Also used for mapping id on flows between environments. This field is immutable and will trigger a replace plan if changed.

### Optional

- `property` (Block Set) Connection properties. These are specific to the connector type configured in `connector_id`. See the [DaVinci Connection Definitions](#davinci-connection-definitions) below to find the appropriate property name/value pairs for the connection. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--property))

### Read-Only

- `created_date` (Number) Resource creation date as epoch timestamp.
- `customer_id` (String) An ID that represents the customer tenant.
- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.

<a id="nestedblock--property"></a>
### Nested Schema for `property`

Required:

- `name` (String) The name of the property.
- `value` (String, Sensitive) The value of the property as string.  Use in conjunction with `type` to cast the value to the correct type.  For example, a number value should be entered as a string and `type` set to `number`.  JSON in string form should be used for complex types.

Optional:

- `type` (String) Type of the property. This is used to cast the value to the correct type. Must be: `string`, `number`, `boolean` or `json`. Defaults to `string`.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax, where attributes in `<>` brackets are replaced with the relevant ID.  For example, `<environment_id>` should be replaced with the ID of the environment to import from.

```shell
$ terraform import davinci_connection.example <environment_id>/<davinci_connection_id>
```

