---
page_title: "davinci_variable Resource - terraform-provider-davinci"
subcategory: "Variable"
description: |-
  Resource to import and manage a DaVinci variable in an environment.  Connection and Subvariable references in the JSON export can be overridden with ones managed by Terraform, see the examples and schema below for details.
---

# davinci_variable (Resource)

Resource to import and manage a DaVinci variable in an environment.  Connection and Subvariable references in the JSON export can be overridden with ones managed by Terraform, see the examples and schema below for details.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "davinci_variable" "my_awesome_region_variable" {
  environment_id = var.environment_id

  name        = "region"
  context     = "company"
  description = "identifies region for functions in flow"
  value       = "northamerica"
  type        = "string"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `context` (String) A string that specifies the context of the variable.  Options are `company`, `flow`, `flowInstance`, `user`.  This field is immutable and will trigger a replace plan if changed.
- `environment_id` (String) The ID of the PingOne environment to manage the DaVinci variable in.  Must be a valid PingOne resource ID.  This field is immutable and will trigger a replace plan if changed.
- `name` (String) A string that specifies the name of the variable.  This field is immutable and will trigger a replace plan if changed.
- `type` (String) A string that specifies the variable's data type.  Options are `boolean`, `number`, `object`, `secret`, `string`.

### Optional

- `description` (String) A string that specifies the description of the variable.
- `flow_id` (String) A string that specifies the ID of the flow to which the variable is assigned.  This field is required when the `context` field is set to `flow`.  Must be a valid PingOne resource ID.  This field is immutable and will trigger a replace plan if changed.
- `max` (Number) An integer that specifies the maximum value of the variable, if the `type` parameter is set as `number`.  Defaults to `2000`.
- `min` (Number) An integer that specifies the minimum value of the variable, if the `type` parameter is set as `number`.  Defaults to `0`.
- `mutable` (Boolean) A boolean that specifies whether the variable is mutable.  If `true`, the variable can be modified by the flow. If `false`, the variable is read-only and cannot be modified by the flow.  Defaults to `true`.
- `value` (String, Sensitive) A string that specifies the value of the variable, the type will be inferred from the value specified in the `type` parameter.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax, where attributes in `<>` brackets are replaced with the relevant ID.  For example, `<environment_id>` should be replaced with the ID of the environment to import from.

```shell
$ terraform import davinci_variable.example <environment_id>/<davinci_variable_id>
```